I mean it's great it's been I mean
definitely the games out a lot quicker
and stuff so it's really good to get the
spring in and see all the transition
speed now you're going to work within
stuff and especially just learning the
offensive getting everything and I mean
all the coach has been great to us and
teaching us the office and I me Matty
helping us a lot too so I see help yeah
Matt's been helping you a lot of
everything he's answered a lot of
questions about you and Max yeah what
has he done he I mean one during the
film room who always had in comments or
something to let us know who to read or
what you're gonna see on the field
because I mean it's a lot different
scene in the film dancing on the field
so he'll definitely tell us i mean what
you're going to see and we gonna read
which progression is and then coach
Ellen's real great with that too and
then we get out here I mean if we messed
up on a player we read make the wrong
read will go out thursday hey what do we
do better and matt'll tell us what the
reader is also is it hard to at this
point in time avoid or stop thinking
about maybe a potential competition with
max just because you guys came at the
same time and you're obviously I'm a lot
of a lot of stuff on your plate as is
you know just adjusting and there's kind
of you too it's like Cody and Max you
know at the same time both of you I mean
the oddness I mean you can't really
think like that you should come on in
and try to get the team better and do
the routine easy we never get into our
own single come to I mean we all know
we're competing out here but we never
get in and once you start getting too i
are on 17 weed and it's affecting how
you play is it is it still possible to
think time they kind of learn from what
he does you know and didn't have for him
to learn from you at the same time
absolutely we're all learning from each
other and I mean we learned from map
some of them know the orphans weather
and we have to live in York longer and
that I mean they definitely helped us so
you kind of just learn from everybody
doesn't matter who has minus even been
pretty helpful yeah really he knows he
often is pretty well yeah he came in
some with me last time I was in there he
was up there studying stuff and he was
kind of helped me so far how much of a
plus has have been to be able to come in
and spring that's been a big time plus I
mean especially since we get to see this
video game right now before we have to
go straight into and fall so I mean we
kind of get through just now learn the
offense and get everything down pack now
this is kind of tough to living this
obviously 725 probably wake up around
five a.m. for 30 s that's not what you
signed up for I mean yeah it is but I
mean you can't understand it's kind of
like I mean if you look at it you can't
have that mindset where I don't want to
do this I don't only get up and roll out
of bed said you got to be ready to go
all the time in there I mean it's
definitely been a lot different but I
mean in high school we what we had six
o'clock workouts 5 45 so I mean it
wasn't anything to an F oh yeah like oh
yeah i mean but not it's definitely I
mean what I want to do I'm glad I'm here
and I mean I know everybody else wants
to go to and even though some guys might
go hey I don't want to wake up this time
but they know this what they love when
they get out here this is great time